Add information to GPUQueue.submit() to say command buffers must be u… (#36577)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/gpuqueue/submit/index.md

### Parameters

- `commandBuffers`

>   - : An array of {{domxref("GPUCommandBuffer")}} objects containing the commands to be enqueued for processing by the GPU. The referenced `GPUCommandBuffer`s must be unique.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : An array of {{domxref("GPUCommandBuffer")}} objects containing the commands to be enqueued for processing by the GPU. The array must not contain duplicate command buffer objects.
```

(I thought "unique" was a bit hard to understand, maybe me. "unique within the array" maybe, but I thought "must not contain duplicates" would be better. Also I think pluralizing code-formatted identifiers makes them hard to read.)

Reviewer 2: We can also express it like that: each command buffer can only be submitted once.

Author: I've updated the sentence to 

> The array must not contain duplicate `GPUCommandBuffer` objects — each one can only be submitted once.

But then I thought more about what you said, @beaufortfrancois — when you say "can only be submitted once", is that only once per `submit()` call, or once ever?

Reviewer 2: per `submit[]`

Author: Cool, thanks! Clarification added.

The following criteria must be met when calling **`submit()`**, otherwise a {{domxref("GPUValidationError")}} is generated and the {{domxref("GPUQueue")}} becomes invalid:

> - The {{domxref("GPUCommandBuffer")}} objects referenced in the `submit()` call are unique.

Reviewer: same, "contains duplicate" or "more than one instance of the same" would be clearer IMO.

Author: Updated to

> The array of {{domxref("GPUCommandBuffer")}} objects referenced in the `submit()` call does not contain duplicates.
